email 1:

Subject:enron methanol ; meter # : 988291

this is a follow up to the note i gave you on monday , 4 / 3 / 00 { preliminary
flow data provided by daren } .
please override pop ' s daily volume { presently zero } to reflect daily
activity you can obtain from gas control .
this change is needed asap for economics purposes .

email 2:

Subject: neon retreat

ho ho ho , we ' re around to that most wonderful time of the year - - - neon leaders retreat time !
i know that this time of year is extremely hectic , and that it ' s tough to think about anything past the holidays , but life does go on past the week of december 25 through january 1 , and that ' s what i ' d like you to think about for a minute .
on the calender that i handed out at the beginning of the fall semester , the retreat was scheduled for the weekend of january 5 - 6 . but because of a youth ministers conference that brad and dustin are connected with that week , we ' re going to change the date to the following weekend , january 12 - 13 . now comes the part you need to think about .
i think we all agree that it ' s important for us to get together and have some time to recharge our batteries before we get to far into the spring semester , but it can be a lot of trouble and difficult for us to get away without kids , etc . so , brad came up with a potential alternative for how we can get together on that weekend , and then you can let me know which you prefer .
the first option would be to have a retreat similar to what we ' ve done the past several years . this year we could go to the heartland country inn ( www . . com ) outside of brenham . it ' s a nice place , where we ' d have a 13 - bedroom and a 5 - bedroom house side by side . it ' s in the country , real relaxing , but also close to brenham and only about one hour and 15 minutes from here . we can golf , shop in the antique and craft stores in brenham , eat dinner together at the ranch , and spend time with each other . we ' d meet on saturday , and then return on sunday morning , just like what we ' ve done in the past .
the second option would be to stay here in houston , have dinner together at a nice restaurant , and then have dessert and a time for visiting and recharging at one of our homes on that saturday evening . this might be easier , but the trade off would be that we wouldn ' t have as much time together . i ' ll let you decide .
email me back with what would be your preference , and of course if you ' re available on that weekend . the democratic process will prevail - - majority vote will rule ! let me hear from you as soon as possible , preferably by the end of the weekend . and if the vote doesn ' t go your way , no complaining allowed ( like i tend to do ! )
have a great weekend , great golf , great fishing , great shopping , or whatever makes you happy !
bobby

email 3:

Subject: photoshop , windows , office . cheap . main trending

abasements darer prudently fortuitous undergone
lighthearted charm orinoco taster
railroad affluent pornographic cuvier
irvin parkhouse blameworthy chlorophyll
robed diagrammatic fogarty clears bayda
inconveniencing managing represented smartness hashish
academies shareholders unload badness
danielson pure caffein
spaniard chargeable levin



email 4:

Subject: re : indian springs

this deal is to book the teco pvr revenue . it is my understanding that teco
just sends us a check , i haven ' t received an answer as to whether there is a
predermined price associated with this deal or if teco just lets us know what
we are giving . i can continue to chase this deal down if you need .


email 5:

Subject: ehronline web address change

this message is intended for ehronline users only .
due to a recent change to ehronline , the url ( aka " web address " ) for accessing ehronline needs to be changed on your computer . the change involves adding the letter " s " to the " http " reference in the url . the url for accessing ehronline should be : https : / / ehronline . enron . com .
this change should be made by those who have added the url as a favorite on the browser .


email 6:

Subject: hpl nom . for may 26 - 29 , 2001

( see attached file : hplno 526 . xls )
- hplno 526 . xls



email 7:

Subject: txu fuels / sds nomination for june 2001

attached is the june 2001 nomination for our takes under the gas sales and
purchase contract between txu fuel company ( previously tufco ) and sds . please
advise should you have any questions concerning the attached .
thanks ,
ccs
( see attached file : sdsnom . xls )
- sdsnom . xls


email 8:

Subject: fw : payment

jo hillier - smith
owner care manager
sunsail worldwide sailing ltd
tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 2392 222215
email : joh @ sunsail . com
this e - mail and any attachment is intended for the named addressee ( s )
only , or a person authorised to receive it on their behalf . the content
should be treated as confidential and the recipient may not disclose this
message or any attachment to anyone else without authorisation . unauthorised
use , copying or disclosure may be unlawful . if this transmission is received
in error please notify the sender immediately and delete this message from
your e - mail system . any view expressed by the sender of this message or any
attachment may be personal and may not represent the view held by the company .
sunsail limited ( company number 1239190 ) or sunsail worldwide sailing
limited ( company number 1658245 ) ? both with registered offices at the port
house , port solent , portsmouth , hampshire , po 6 4 th , england
- - - - - original message - - - - -
from : ? ? jo hillier - smith
sent : ? ? thursday , april 05 , 2001 3 : 43 pm
to : ? ? ? ? ' dfarmer 2 @ ei . enron . com '
subject : ? ? ? ? ? ? ? payment
good afternoon mr farmer
as i am sure you are aware we are in the procees of changing our banks , and
the new bank " citibank " was not able to process our charter fees for the lst
april , i , therefore have a cheque to send to you to cover this april
payment . ? please could you let me know the best address i can send this to ,
you may want me to send it straight to you or to your bank .
i look forward to hearing from you .
with regards
jo
jo hillier - smith
owner care manager
sunsail worldwide sailing ltd
tel : + 44 ( 0 ) 2392 222215
email : joh @ sunsail . com
this e - mail and any attachment is intended for the named addressee ( s )
only , or a person authorised to receive it on their behalf . the content
should be treated as confidential and the recipient may not disclose this
message or any attachment to anyone else without authorisation . unauthorised
use , copying or disclosure may be unlawful . if this transmission is received
in error please notify the sender immediately and delete this message from
your e - mail system . any view expressed by the sender of this message or any
attachment may be personal and may not represent the view held by the company .
sunsail limited ( company number 1239190 ) or sunsail worldwide sailing
limited ( company number 1658245 ) ? both with registered offices at the port
house , port solent , portsmouth , hampshire , po 6 4 th , england


email 9:

Subject: real products for real people

dont waste your time at the doctors office !
rx medications delivered
right to your door in 24 hours !
pay less for your drugs get more for your $ $ $ !
join the millions of people who are
tired of the hassle with the insurance companies and doctors !
we carry all of the well - known drugs available and most of the unknown as well .
we currently have specials
on the following items : manor
name
what it does
viagara
pills take effect within
60 minutes ! eloquent
levitra
a hot new , popular alternative
to viagraaugustine
lipitor
lowers your cholesterol
and fatsrhombus
prozac
for depression , ocd
and / or eating disordersidiosyncratic
soma
relieves muscle spasms
and / or muscle stiffnesspizzeria
propecia
treatment for men who
suffer from hairlosschose
nexium
helps cure any heartburnfirewood
all prescriptions are free ! incombustible
our qualified physicians are standing by to serve you . wiley
visit our site today and let us help you help yourself ! dakar
znuljd t diqb ncl
vthrd
ym anbmdtzjqu




email 10:

Subject: registration confirmation - my yahoo !

account information
help
do not reply to this message . if you did not request this account , click
here .
registration confirmed - welcome to yahoo !
this message confirms your new account with yahoo ! .
?
your yahoo ! id :
mpfarmer
your email address :
dfarmer @ enron . com
?
what if the email address listed above is incorrect or changes in the future ?
please keep your email contact current so we can help you in case you can ' t
access your yahoo ! account . to update your email address , first sign into
my yahoo ! or any other yahoo ! personalized service . then click on " account
info " at the top of the page . ( if " account info " is not available , please
click on " options " first , then on " account info . " ) the field you need to
change is called " alternate email address . "
?
what can i do with my new yahoo ! id ?
yahoo ! mail yahoo ! mail
get your own yahoo . com email address yahoo ! auctions yahoo ! auctions
buy and sell for free . [ image ] yahoo ! chat
chat with people from all over the world .
yahoo ! calendar yahoo ! calendar
keep yourself organized . my yahoo ! my yahoo !
customize the way you use the internet . yahoo ! games yahoo ! games
new and classic online games .
yahoo ! travel yahoo ! travel
reservations , tickets , discounts and information . yahoo ! shopping yahoo ! shopping
search for your favorite products and brands and compare prices . yahoo ! messenger yahoo !
messenger
get notified when you have new mail and send instant messages .
show me more . . .
thank you for signing up at yahoo !
?
what if i didn ' t request this account ?
please click here if you didn ' t request it or no longer wish to have it . if
you are then prompted for the deletion key , please cut and paste the
following to the text box as requested on the deletion page :
you could also reply to this email ( and make sure to copy this entire email
in your reply ) with remove as the subject line .
[ 192 . 152 . 140 . 9 ]